docs: replace RFC copy-paste docstrings with Pythonic docstrings (#1385)
collective/icalendar: CHANGES.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Bump PyPy from 3.10 to 3.11 for testing. :pr:`1383`

> - Replaced RFC copy-paste text in docstrings with Pythonic docstrings for calendar components. :pr:`1385`

Reviewer: Please move this to `/news/1244.documentation`?

```suggestion
- Replaced RFC copy-paste text in docstrings with Pythonic docstrings for calendar components. :issue:`1244`
```
